Good morning, family. I'm excited to be
with you all today. I have a special
guest, Pastor Steve Czechalani and uh
from Discover Church, and we're excited.
We're going to interview him about some
of the things that are happening and in
and tribulation and things that are
happening in the world right now with
with the Israeli war. And we're going to
just ask him some questions, the hard
stuff. You know, he has a lot of wisdom
on Bible prophecy and end time events.
So, we're going to just kind of just
pick his brain and where we are in the
end times. So, I'm excited that I have
him as a special guest on our channel
today. So, uh here we are. Hey, Pastor
Steve. So good to be with you, Brandon.
You know, this morning the Lord said to
me that um my servant Brandon is waiting
for you. So, my servant, he called you
my servant. Just like he called John the
Revelator, my servant. Right. That's
beautiful. We talked about that last
time. So, um a lot of technical
difficulties and issues try to keep us
apart, but we are together now. Praise
the Lord. I'm excited. Yeah. Praise God.
We have some questions for you and um
I'm I'm going to start off with this and
start off with uh how long is this war
going to last? That's what people are
wanting to know. Is this going to be a
short uh event that's going to maybe
last for a couple of months or do you
see this going on for like a um kind of
like a major event that would take on
maybe years like similar to the golf war
or you know because we're kind of still
in Iraq. Where do what do you think
about that in Daniel chapter nine? You
know, talking about the ministry of the
prophet. So, how does a prophet operate?
Is it just people think it's kind of
airy fairy like we're we're praying and
then suddenly we're going to be dropped
a date, you know, or a timeline. And
sometimes you get that. I mean, it's
very rare. And Daniel chapter 9 actually
is one of those rare moments where you
get the timeline calculated to the exact
day of Jesus's first coming. My question
is how did it start? Right? And it
actually started with him Daniel
studying the word of God and he says so.
So it's important that all prophets
speaking correctly for the Lord needs uh
to go back to the Bible. So it says here
in Daniel 9:1 in the first year of
Darius the son of Hasseris of the seed
of the Metes which was made king over
the realm of the Caldanss. In the first
year of his reign, I Daniel understood
by what? By prayer, by a revelation of
the Lord. It says, I understood by books
the number of the years whereof the word
of the Lord came to Jeremiah the prophet
that he would accomplish 70 years in the
desolations of Jerusalem. So this whole
big revelation that he's about to get
starts off with him studying books and
he means of course Bible books and he
doesn't explain all the books because he
said plural but he says specifically
Jeremiah said we're going to be held
captive deported and then held captive
in Babylon for 70 years. So I got that
now and I'm going to act on that by
going to pray. So a prophet is first a
student of the word, a teacher of the
word. And then secondly, he's a prayer,
you know, he's a prayer or a prayer
warrior. Yeah. And that's what people
need to understand when they're asking,
okay, what's the timeline? We don't just
go and and make up a timeline. We have
to go and study the books, the biblical
books. And what my studies have shown is
that we are in pre-tribulation
and that some people need to correct
their assumptions and theology that
they've heard that's 30, 40, 50 years
old, but now we have more light.
Revelation 6 representing the seals are
not tribulation seals. That doesn't mean
the tribulation has started. It doesn't
mean we missed the rapture. It means
they're pre-tribulation. And God
emphasized this so much. Mhm. So the
first horse is the white horse. It's
Gallup. We can now pinpoint, you know,
exactly from January 2000 to June 2023
when basically, you know, most of the
world, I think all of the world now has
opened up. Nobody's got a health
emergency. If they do, it's it's a bit,
you know, scoffed at. People aren't
keeping it anymore. Airplanes and
airlines are not testing you for COVID
before you get on the flights. And
that's very exact. Three and a half
years. Mhm. So, we're going to ask the
question, how long do we have in this
next war? I would say whether it's this
war, escalation of this war, a a you
know, a spreading of the war, or some
kind of war, it's going to last three
and a half years. So, that would end.
Yeah. Three and a half years. Three and
a half years from when you're saying
three and a half years from June 2023,
at which point we had boom the French uh
riots and again it sparked by Muslims.
Mhm. It was the killing at a traffic
stop of a guy that was a known, you
know, he had a criminal rap sheet and
underage. He shouldn't have been
driving, but they turned it into a
religious war where they said, "Well,
you know, white French um police killed
a Muslim truck driver, right? They
didn't say anything about his history
and his he's a criminal basically, but
then they use that to instigate
Europewide, continentalwide
riots, right? So, it's a sign that the
Red Horse has something to do with
Islam. But then it spread to the fires
of Maui. Something very strange because
a great sword is mentioned in the Red
Horse. A great sword. Oh, wow. Back then
they don't have um direct energy
weapons. They wouldn't have such things
like EMPs, right? Electromagnetic pulse
bomb. So all John could say was there
was a great sword. Wow. We are exactly
in the timeline and then we come to
October 7 and we have this thing that
took all of us by surprise but we know
we're in the zone of the red horse. So
so far the theory pans out. Now, the
theory can be falsified. If we have in
the next two and a half years just to
perfect peace, then we're done. We're
we're gonna say we're not in the tri
pre-tribulation signs. The horse is not
galloping, but so far everything is
working. And I would remind you of your
own revelation from God that lines up
with this Revelation 6 that you heard
about Saudi Arabia and you heard about
the price of oil, right? Remember that?
Yes. When the Lord told me, he said,
"When this happens," he said, "Oil will
go over $200 a barrel and it will it
will it will be a major event all around
the world and people," he told me, he
said, "People are going to become angry
at Israel and in and about what's about
to happen. It would be like a like I I
guess the word would be anti-semitic,
anti-semitism, you know, like against
against the Jewish people." And so they
were like blaming them because of what
happens because I guess it's a
retaliation from Israel doing something
to uh another country in the Middle
East. And I believe it be um uh Iran and
Saudi Arabia and these people because I
remember and even in this the Lord
showed me that uh that the prince of
Saudi Arabia was going to join forces
with China and Russia and make secret
deals. And um so I believe I believe all
this is just going to keep escalating,
you know. Yeah. Well, there's news
coming out right now just on that that
you know their plan basically is to
create the brick system to replace the
US petro dollar and Saudi Arabia is the
lynch pin of the US petro dollar system.
Right? The reason that America can be,
if I may say, not so productive in
manufacturing, right? not an not really
an economic powerhouse. We're just a
bunch of spenders and consumers. How is
that possible? Because it's the one
currency in the world that everybody has
to use to buy petrol and other
commodities. Usually other commodities
like gold is denominated in US dollar.
So the US dollar has this unnatural
privileged position that Saudi Arabia
uh Brazil which has now turned very
radically left. It went from
conservative under Bolsinaro to now Lula
who's a Marxist. So the news today that
I was reading in the morning was that
Argentina looks like it's going to flip
to the conservative side and the
Marxists are freaking out because they
want more nations to come into their
oligarchy, their system. So you know you
have to pick I guess your bad guy. It's
not that American domination has
produced world peace, but probably
American being the superpower is better
than
um you know, China and and uh communist
Brazil and whoever else is going to join
this brick system. So, they're kind of
losing grip of Argentina if the
election, you know, goes through the way
that the people want to vote. They want
a populist man who's an economist, very
well read. He totally dislikes
communism. He says he won't even trade
with China and Brazil because they're
communist. Wow. So we're we're actually
winning in many many fronts. We
Christians are praying the now the right
prayer. We're not just saying slap us
one way, kill our baby, kill another
baby. We're saying enough is enough. But
we have authority on the earth to exert
Jesus's standards and his righteousness
without becoming pheriseical and
legalistic. Okay, that that part we've
corrected. Now we've swung so far to the
grace part that we've lost touch of any
sense of morality and justice, right?
And we're kind of make making peace with
the devil is what the body of Christ is
doing. We're coming now to a balance
where we got to learn biblical justice.
That's really the main thing. You know,
you're on online church with me. That's
the main thing that I keep drumming to
every church member is get a hold of
biblical justice. Understand what it's
about. So, um, back to Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabia obviously wants to change
the system. They're not gonna have oil
forever. They want to make profitable
alliances with China. They're only
thinking about money. They're not
thinking about morality and pro and
prophecy. But all of it is going to end
up fulfilling prophecy according to my
timeline and my inter interpretation.
It's not my timeline, but my
interpretation of Revelation 6 is you've
got another three years of the red
horse. Then exactly when that ends, we
should see the black horse. What color
is is black that the whole world has to
consume? It's petrol. So the black horse
is indicating that something's going to
happen to oil and it lines up with what
God has shown you, Brandon. Wow. That
Saudi Arabia is trying to disrupt or or
threaten America when it's weak. And I
think it can do it when Biden is in. I
don't think it can do it when Trump's
in. So, the process may start, but I
would think that if you're trading and
doing things like that, don't ever make
financial decisions based on words of
prophecy because God does not give us
the exact timeline unless it's a Daniel
9 moment. And I think the Revelation 6
is very close to the Daniel 9 moment.
But money is going to be the last thing
you're thinking about when there's
global famine and people are, you know,
so the black horse represents oil. It
doesn't represent a global famine. They
tie into each other because everything
on earth, the price of every commodity
is tied to the price of transportation.
So oil goes up, your food goes up. So if
you're a globalist trying to make people
starve and hungry and die, you don't
have to go to every corn farmer, every
wheat farmer, every barley farmer. You
can attack a country like Ukraine, which
is a major supplier of food. That's one
way to make the price go up. But all you
have to do is just control the price of
oil and you can lower lower or raise the
price of everything that people depend
on to live. And Trump understood that.
So that's why Trump said, I'm not going
to deal with every industry. I can't do
that as a one man, but I'm going to deal
with OPEC. I'm going to deal with Saudi
Arabia. I'm going to make sure that they
produce enough oil and we are going to
become energy independent ourselves as
Americans. And so you saw everybody's
standard of living was higher because
the price of everything was lower. He
did that by just addressing oil. Biden
is doing the opposite thing. And people
who are supporting Biden, you just need
to, you know, check your own bank
account and bills and you can you can
see the inflation is much higher than
they're revealing. The official stats
must not be accurate. Yeah. Because
people feel the pain. Oh yeah, for sure.
For sure. So they're tied in. to answer
the question. The black horse has black
as as a symbol for you to know, hey,
what are we talking about? What's God
trying to tell us? Oil is black. It's
the blackest thing that that anybody has
to deal with every single day. That's
the thing we all deal with, but it's
tied into the global famine because when
food shortages come, it's going to be
related to lack of transportation. Wow.
Companies going out of business, um sea
freight u you know, shipping business
going out of business or or stalling. We
saw a little bit of that, right? Didn't
we see that at the beginning of Corona
virus? Oh, for sure. That wasn't the
fulfillment of the black horse. It's
just a little taste. We call that
foreshadowing or types and shadow. Types
and shadows are going on all the time.
But the fulfillment is very clear that
plagues are going on all the time in
epidemics all over the world. But corona
virus was the fulfillment of a global
pandemic with a corona which is the
crown that was given in Latin. The crown
that was given to the white horse is
called corona. Wow. Isn't it amazing?
It's so precise. It's it's wow. It's
amazing, you know. Um, so when would the
green horse So the pel the chlor
chlorophyll the chlorophyll horse the
green chloros? Yeah. And so people
debate this. They haven't updated their
esquetology in years and years and they
want to debate us. Um, you need to go
study first before you say it's called
the pale horse in English. But in Greek
it's chloros. Chloros is green. Right?
There words in English that come from
chloros like chlorophyll. Chlorophyll is
the chemical that makes leaves green.
So, it's a green horse, right? And green
is a is I mean, I don't want to give it
all away right now because it these
things become clearer and clearer as we
move towards it. But, it's very easy for
me to imagine what the green horse is.
It sounds it's I believe it's a plague
and and what I've seen prophetically
what's coming is a major plague that
kills 350 million people.
Definitely a plague. So the so the black
horse happens first and then the so that
would be a three and a half years and
then we're going to see another three
and a half years of some kind of a I
believe uh for what I've seen
prophetically as a three and a half
years of a plague. So after that takes
place do you see the rapture of the
church coming anytime soon or do you
feel that we are still quite a ways away
from the rapture of the church?
I think the ideal window is the
anniversary of Jesus's resurrection
because it's the type, right? It he's
resurrected. 2,000 years later, we're
resurrected. The dead in Christ are
resurrected. And we we who are alive and
remain get raptured. It would be a
perfect fulfillment. But God doesn't
always have to keep our calendar. He's
got his own calendar. We we could have,
you know, slight miscalculations, but
we're really not far off. I think that
we have a good 10 years to get our lives
right. Stop sinning. Start giving. Start
going. Go on missions. Americans are the
the most blessed Christians in the world
and yet the most spoiled Christians. If
you've got, you know, anything, your
your your standard of living in America
far exceeds most of the world, right?
And as a Christian, we waste so much
money in America building church after
church that remain empty five days a
week. I don't understand it. I I don't
get it. If you have that kind of
resource, at least get yourself out and
and preach the gospel in Thailand. Come
with me to Saudi Arabia. Come and see.
I'm going in February. Come and see. Go
out to other nations. Get out of your
get out of your comfort zone because you
were blessed to be a blessing. We don't
say that glibly. You're blessed to be a
blessing. So, if you're not a blessing,
the blessing is going to dry up. Your
blessedness is going to dry up. And
that's what I'm I I fear for America is
we're like spoiled children who have
wasted our inheritance so much that we
didn't get the gospel out to the world
the way we should have and we just spent
and consumed and lived in luxury and I
can see why a lot of people say America
could be Babylon. Although I don't hold
that view. I think America still has a
great future. You do? Wow. Praise God.
Well, you're looking so you're so 10
years be 2033. So about that window is
what you're believing. Do you think
Hamas will be crushed and just
completely destroyed?
Well, let me let me get to the Bible,
okay, about Hamas because it's very
interesting. There's a law of first
mention in the Bible that when when some
of when a word appears for the first
time, it has extreme prophetic
significance for that time, but also
prophetically, it's going to keep keep
playing up. It's going to keep
appearing. So, did you know that Hamas
appears in the book of Genesis? Wow. No,
I did not know that. Yeah. And people
want to play like word games and
linguistics with with, you know,
prophecy teachers and say, "Oh, no, you
you know, this word is in the wrong
language." But God knows all the
languages. And he knew in Hebrew that
this word would be used in Arabic 2,000
years later. So look at the first
instance of the word Hamas. Okay, here
it is. Genesis 6:1. The earth also was
corrupt before God. The earth was filled
with violence. The word is kamas and the
word earth is so. So it's a play on
word. It has a double entandra. Earth in
the Bible can mean the globe, the whole
earth. Okay. The whole planet or it can
also mean the land of Israel. So read
this. The erets was filled with Hamas.
That's Genesis 6:1. Wow. That's
describing October 7, 2023. And that was
written 4,000 years ago. And and the
event was 5,000 years ago just before
Noah's flood. So what did Jesus say? As
it was in the days of Noah. How was it
in the days of Noah? It was filled with
kamas.
My gosh, that is amazing. It's it's just
all so perfect. I mean, you know, it you
can't make this stuff up. It's just
awesome. Wow. You know, from Genesis to
Revelation, it's just all just wow. That
is so cool. Where is America at in Bible
prophecy?
Well, America has such a special place,
right? America's um a nation that was
founded on religious freedom and I don't
think God's going to give up on that and
we must not give up on America. In fact,
I believe that God uh sends me to
America and I'm going, you know, from
church to church. I've started doing it.
Those of you who are pastors who are
listening to me, I'm not far away. You
can get me to come and and speak to your
church. But he told me, God told me that
I've come to be part of the third great
awakening. So I believe that God doesn't
waste resources and time. I wouldn't be
here uh coming to the United States just
to tickle some ears. No, there's a
massive movement. I think we are
winning. Just like I said, you know,
Argentina's is turning over
conservative. If they don't rig and and
and steal the election, uh we're winning
in that front. Roie Wade has been
overturned. We're winning on that front.
The lemon test that all law laws are to
be secular and pass a secular test in
America that we we've overturned that.
We've won in that front. We're winning
and winning and winning and we're
winning under Joe Biden. Can you imagine
this? God didn't even need a Republican
to be in office. He can still win. God
is that powerful. He's a mighty mighty
God. Yeah. So, we got to go back to the
roots of America and realize that all
the things that have happened were not
they're not they're not um taking God by
surprise when George Washington who
people mis you know they misrepresent
George Washington because there was a
painting that looks like he's a
Freemason by the way that painting is a
recent painting he's not a Freemason he
was invited like any president any uh
important person I think to go to a
Mason meeting or something like that he
went sometime and he said, "No, I'm not
a Mason." He believes Jesus. He believes
the Bible. Well, he was given prophecies
about the nation, which is called the
Republican. He never ever called it a
democracy. They were afraid of the
concept of democracy. They said, "No,
we're a republic, right? A
constitutional republic that protects
the rights of minorities against the
hordes of the majority and the whims of
the majority." And he got three visions.
And he was told that America would go
through certain crises. One of them was
obviously the 1865 um civil war. Okay.
So he was told this. I'm going to read
this. Okay. Okay. Go ahead. This is uh a
prophecy from George President George
Washington about this nation. Americans
need to know about this. It's called the
third peril. The scene instantly began
to fade and dissolve. He's speaking.
Okay. He he wrote this down. He took,
you know, they all took prophecy very
seriously. Can you imagine that? That's
250 years ago. So, is this a vision, do
you think, or is this is this or is this
something? This is a vision that George
Washington was given by the Lord and he
wrote it now. Okay. I at last saw
nothing but the rising curling vapor I
at first beheld. This also disappearing,
I found myself once more gazing at the
mysterious visitor who in the same voice
I had heard before said, "Son of the
Republic." So the angel calls him son of
the republic. What you have seen is thus
interpreted.
Three great perils will come upon the
republic. The most fearful is the third
passing which the whole world united
shall not prevail against her. So the
whole world will hate America and unite
against America but will not prevail
against her. Wow. Let every child of the
republican learn to live for his God,
his land, and the the union.
Wow. We are to learn to live for God. We
don't naturally know as a born again
Christian, as a baby Christian going to
church, we don't know how to live for
God. There is a skill, there is a way,
there is a training to live for God. To
get up in the morning and not just go
brush your teeth, but fall on your knees
and say, "Hallelujah. Praise God. Good
morning, Heavenly Father. Good morning,
Holy Spirit. I bless the name of Jesus.
Right. Let your knee fall on the ground
before you go do anything. Bow to him.
Yes, there's a way to to live for God,
right? So, learn to live for his God and
his land. A lot of Christians forgot
this. We preserve the land. We're the
salt of the earth. So, for us to say we
have no civic duty. We ignore voting. We
have our vote doesn't count anyway. is
an absolute abdication of our rights and
authority and our civic duties. None of
the founding fathers believed in that.
None of the prophets believed in that.
Some of them served in the highest
political offices of their land. You can
think of Joseph. You can think of Daniel
and this is our destiny. He said,
"Again, I heard the mysteries, the
mysterious voice saying, son of of the
republic, look and learn."
At this the dark shadowy angel placed a
trumpet to his mouth and blew three
distinct blasts. And taking water from
the ocean, he sprinkled it upon Europe,
Asia, and Africa. Wow. So there's an
order to how things are going to unfold.
So Europe, Asia, and then Africa. That's
right. Then my eyes beheld a fearful
scene. from each of these countries
arose thick black clouds that were
joined into one. This is the globalist
trend that we're seeing. Yeah. It starts
in Europe because the Western powers,
it's the Western oligarchs, it's the
same colonizers doing it now with
technology. Wow. The same spirit that
went butchering people all over Asia and
Africa. They're now doing it through the
IMF and debts and creating slaves
through financial instruments. It's the
same people. So they said it starts in
Europe. Who's going to grab it next?
Asia will grab it. Asians love anything
European, anything American. They just
go for it. And Africa's last. Africa
will be the last to develop and become
bond servants against slaves. They're
going under slavery again to the IMF,
World Bank, American institutions,
European institutions. You know, they're
the ones, the Americans, the Europeans
are the ones that are saying, "You have
to cut your carbon. You have to not grow
certain foods." and then starve these
people to death. You have to buy this
fertilizer from us. They're creating all
these laws. This will be illegal. This
will be illegal. It's the European
powers that are dictating these things.
So he said, "Watch the black cloud
arises from Europe first, but it's going
to join into one with these other two
continents." Right? And back then that's
the whole world because they didn't know
about Australia. They didn't know about
America. That's the whole world joining.
Then my eyes beheld a fearful scene
from each of these countries. Black
clouds rose joined into one. And
throughout this mass, three gleamed
these three gleam a dark red light.
Is that like the red horse? Wow. By
which I saw hordes of armed men. So this
is Islamic now, isn't it? The hordes of
our men who moving with the cloud
marched by land and sailed by sea to
America. Wow. That's the southern
border.
That's the southern border. He saw that
coming by sea, coming by land. Of
course, he doesn't know the airplane.
That is amazing. Which country was
enveloped in the volume of the cloud.
So, this is the whole illegal
immigration invasion through the Taliban
and Afghanistan. Now, Biden's going to
open the country to 1 million Hamas
sympathizers.
and I dimly saw these vast armies
devastate the whole country and burn the
villages and towns and cities that I
beheld were springing up. So that's sad
it's gonna happen. So he's saying they
set everything on fire. Yeah. Well,
we've already been seeing that since
since um well since co for sure, you
know, Black Lives Matter, Antifa, they
were doing that while we were supposed
to be locked down. So that's going to
happen as my ears listen to the
thundering of the cannon, clashing of
the swords, and the shouts and cries of
millions in Mortal Kombat. Millions in
Mortal Kombat. That's why we have the
second amendment. That's why I believe,
you know, you want to buy gold, buy
silver. I think you should buy guns.
Yeah. And ammunition. That was part of
the word that the Lord gave me about the
ammunition recently. And he told me, he
said, uh, the ammunition was going to
become very hard to get here pretty
soon. Yeah. So, we we want to talk about
that in online church. Inside online
church, we can talk about who's gun
expert, where to buy ammunition, things
like that, because they're going to make
it harder and harder. I heard they're
going to put like a,000% tax on AR-15s.
Again, I heard the mysterious voice
saying, "Son of the Republic, look and
learn." When the voice had ceased, the
dark shadowy angel placed his trumpet
once more to his mouth and blew a long,
fearful blast. Instantly a light as of a
thousand suns shone down from above me
and pierced and broke into fragments the
dark cloud which enveloped America. At
the same moment the angel upon whose
head still shone the word union
and who bore our national flag in one
hand and a sword in the other. Wow.
Descended from the heavens attended by
legions of white spirits. These
immediately joined the inhabitants of
America who I perceive were well nigh
overcome but who immediately taking
courage again closed up their broken
ranks and renewed the battle. That's
what we're here for. We're here to renew
the spirit of courage. It's enough to be
so we're so cowardly that we're not even
willing to stand on what the Bible says
less we offend someone less we get lose
our job. It's time to stop being
cowards. The Bible says cowards are the
first group that goes to hell. you know,
they go to the lake of fire. It's the
sin of not doing something out of fear.
Cowardice is the sin of not doing
something. Wow. Because we're
intimidated. All right. Wow. So, God's
called me to come to the United States
to preach in your churches, pastors.
Yes. Open it up. Don't be afraid
anymore. We are on the winning side. You
don't worry about your 501c3.
They cannot take that from you because
you speak about morality in government.
That is a biblical subject. You speak
about biblical justice. You're not going
to get in trouble for that. So, we're
gonna get courageous again. Yeah. Bold.
He says again, amid the fearful noise of
the conflict, I heard the mysterious
voice saying, "Son of the Republic, look
and learn."
As the voice ceased, the shadowy angel
for the last time dipped water from the
ocean, sprinkled it upon America, and
instantly the dark cloud rolled back
together with the armies it had brought,
leaving the inhabitants of the land
victorious. M then once more I beheld
the villages and towns and cities
springing up where I had last seen
had seen them before while the bright
angel planting the azour standard okay
the blue standard he had brought in the
midst of them cried with a loud voice
while the stars remain and the heavens
send down due upon the earth so long
shall the union stand
and taking from his brow the crown on
which was blazen the word communion. He
placed it upon the standard or the flag
while the people kneeling down said,
"Amen."
We have to learn to kneel before God
every day. Kneel. Teach your children to
bow before Jesus. They're going to teach
us to bow before climate change and
before these these uh false religions.
We're going to teach our children and
and remind ourselves and perversion
and perversion. Mhm. We bow. We learn to
bow as a nation to Jesus. And don't
apologize. We're a Christian nation.
Don't apologize. We don't believe in
separation of church and state. What
does that mean? We believe in freedom.
We can have our every nation on earth
bows to a god. You don't apologize. When
you enter into Saudi Arabia, you know
it's a Muslim country. In Ramadan,
they're not going to feed you food.
They're fasting. You go to a Buddhist
nation, you know that it's a Buddhist
nation. They don't say, "Oh, gee, I I
believe in separation of of our
government and Buddha." They say, "No,
this is a Buddhist festival. Everybody
has a day off. This is a Buddhist
festival. Everyone's going to go and
offer some incense." Wow. Apologize.
Americans are the only nation really on
earth, and I guess the Americas that
have been so secularized that we believe
in this idea that God can be God in our
personal life, but he's divorced and
he's irrelevant to the rest of our
lives. No, this is what we get when a
nation decays and corroes because we
have tried to kick God out. And God
says, "No, I'm the God. I'm the creator.
This is my land. I gave the land to you
that you might worship me freely because
you were persecuted by the Catholic
Inquisition in Europe. Then the
Christians fled over to America looking
for religious persecution. This land was
dedicated to Christ." Wow. Praise God.
Yes. I It goes back to I had a
visitation. And I was praying one night
for America and I was interceding really
and and I had an openeyed vision and the
Lord showed me uh the the pilgrims at
Plymouth Rock and they were they were
gathered around this massive rock there
and they were taking communion and they
were calling the nation for the Lord and
they were dedicating this land to the
Lord and the Lord said those prayers
still echo before my throne. They are
they are I still hear them. And he said,
"I honor the covenant that I made with
th with those settlers, the people that
came for religious freedom." And he
said, that's what he told me. He said,
"Brandon, you look at judgment.
Everybody's calling judgment on America.
Judgment's coming. Judgment's coming."
He said, "No." He said, "Correction is
coming and there's a great wakeup
coming. There's an awakening." And he
said, "It's going to be a shakening."
And he said, "But it's not judgment." He
said true judgment is whenever you are
separated from me for eternity. He said
when you are are in hell for eternity
that's true judgment. He said if you go
through a little bit of a spanking in
life it's correction and it's to lift
you up so you don't go to hell for
eternity. He said but he said but I made
a covenant with your founding fathers.
And he said I will honor that. And he
said my this land will not become a goat
nation. it will be a sheep nation. And
that's what he warned me about. And he
told me all these these things that, you
know, I see these things coming, but
it's not the end. It's just to wake
people up. Like pastor Steve is talking
to you all, the body of Christ is asleep
and they are and and and we're losing
our freedoms that were given to us to
have religious freedom to have that
ability to pray and and and and and seek
his face, you know, and we don't if we
don't stand for something, look what's
going on. If if the Buddhist he's saying
is doing it in in China and and the
Muslims are doing it in Saudi Arabia, we
need to stand for what we believe as
Americans. We're Christian. We're a
Christian nation founded on godly
principles and we have to stand for the
word and and stand for our covenant
rights and say enough's enough. You're
not taking our rights and privileges
away from us. We will pray in public. We
will pray in in in our elections and
we're going to elect a godly person. It
is so important this election coming in
2024. You don't realize this is a make
or break time in my heart. You know, we
can go either in in in more darkness or
we can turn around this this ship and
and s send it back into light. You know,
we have an opportunity here to to to
change things. Will you wake up and
start preaching righteousness and
holiness back in the pulpits? Teaching
the people to live a godly lifestyle and
live unto the Lord. Fathers, teaching
your children the word of God in these
last days. Praying with your wife,
praying as a family, anointing your kids
with oil, taking communion, bringing
them to church. Read the Bible. Yeah.
You know, wake up and say good morning
to God and acknowledge his greatness.
Teach your children. Be a good example.
None of these things are hard, but it's
almost like we're not hearing it
anymore. Well, you you they get lazy,
you know? I think it's a lot of they get
spiritually dry. They're not being
taught how the the word that you're
teaching at your church to to to live by
faith. They're getting a lukewarm gospel
and they're not getting something to
stir them up and get them excited about
the word every Sunday, you know, to sit
there and go, "Hey, I can go out and
live this." instead of going, "Well, you
know, if I if I do, if I do, if I don't,
I don't. You know, it really doesn't
matter. You know, I'm just gonna go out
and, you know, live like the world and
be okay and I'm gonna make it by grace
or whatever." And and and so you're
preaching a a a a compromising gospel. A
lot of pastors are. I've been to them.
And and you sit there and you go, "What
was this? I wasted my time." And Pastor
Steve, do you have any final words? Do
you have anything you want to say before
you close here?
I want everyone to know that Jesus is
the only way to be saved from your sins.
Be sure that sins will find you out. So,
surrender. Surrender early. Don't
prolong the fight. Don't prolong the
battle. You know, don't stay in pride
and say, "I'll put it off. I'll do it
another day. I'm going to have some more
fun." I'm telling you, life can change
so fast. It can flip. It can flip on a
doctor's report. it can flip with Hamas
coming and invading your your southern
border um like they did in Israel. So
things change fast. So if you're going
through some troubled times, surrender
to Jesus. What did he do for you? He
came as a sinless baby. Lived a sinless
life. Died sinless on your behalf to
take away or to pay for your punishment,
your sins. And because he didn't have
any sin, he defeated death, hell, and
the grave and rose again on the third
day. That is the good news.
You need to take part. You need to
decide to receive that. It's a gift that
he's given you. So pray this with me if
you've been listening and you want
Jesus. Just say, don't need to
understand anything else. Just say, I
want Jesus. Pray this and say, "Dear
heavenly father,
I repent of my sins.
I surrender my life to you.
I believe Jesus died on the cross.
gives the full payment for all my sins.
And I believe after three days,
he rose again from the dead.
He is the victorious savior.
And I call you my Lord today.
I'm yours forever.
Please use my life.
From this day forward,
I am a born again Christian.
Thank you for writing my name in the
book of life.
I am assured
in Jesus name I pray.
Amen. I'm excited that you if you're
part of our family, you just got born
again. And so just let us know if you
did. So I hope this this blessed you
today. Thank you for joining me if
you're still watching. Thank you for all
the support, all the likes, all the all
the all the kind words in the comment
section. So, I just want to say put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you and we just thank you for
joining us today. You all have a blessed
one and we'll see you next time.
Bye-bye.